asciidocs/system-specification.adoc, before:

= LeoDatabaseLearner - System Specification
19SM, 22TI, 15PV
1.1.0, 2020-10-23: Some notes
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: images]
//:toc-placement!:  // prevents the generation of the doc at this position, so it can be printed afterwards
:sourcedir: ../src/main/java
:icons: font
:sectnums:    // Nummerierung der Überschriften / section numbering
:toc: left

// print the toc here (not at the default position)
//toc::[]

== Pflichtenheft "Was mache ich"


=== Initial situation

The HTL Leonding is an HTL in Upper Austria. Central room with around 1400 students and the specialist departments
Media technology, IT, electronics and medical technology.In the scope of the IT departments
and media technology, the subject of databases (DBI / INSY) is taught.
An essential part of this course is the practical training in the database query language SQL.


=== Istzustand
----
Beschreibung der speziellen Situation zB in der Abteilung
----
=== Problemstellung
=== Aufgabenstellung
==== Funktionale Anforderungen

[plantuml]
----
@startuml
left to right direction
actor Student as s
actor Teacher as t

package LeoDatabaseLearner {
  usecase "practice SQL" as UC1
  usecase "take simulated exam" as UC2
  usecase "view knowledge level" as UC3
  usecase "execute exam" as UC4
  usecase "take exam" as UC5
  usecase "upload exercises/tests" as UC6
  usecase "view knowledge of students" as UC7
}
s --> UC1
s --> UC2
s --> UC3
s --> UC5

t --> UC4
t --> UC6
t --> UC7
@enduml
----

==== Nichtfunktionale Anforderungen (NFA)
=== Ziele
=== Mengengerüst
=== Rahmenbedingungen
zB Vorgaben vom Auftraggeber

== Entwurf "Wie mache ich es"
=== Systemarchitektur
=== ...

== Projekthandbuch "Organisatorische Rahmenbedingungen"

=== GANTT-Diagramm

mit User-Stories (definiert in YouTrack)

[plantuml,gantt-protoype,png]
----
@startuml
[Test prototype] lasts 10 days
[Prototype completed] happens at [Test prototype]'s end
[Setup assembly line] lasts 12 days
[Setup assembly line] starts at [Test prototype]'s end
[Test prototype 2] lasts 3 days
[Test prototype 2] starts at [Prototype completed]'s end
@enduml
----

Commit message:

updated system-specification.adoc - added Present situation

asciidocs/system-specification.adoc, after:

= LeoDatabaseLearner - System Specification
19SM, 22TI, 15PV
1.1.0, 2020-10-23: Some notes
ifndef::imagesdir[:imagesdir: images]
//:toc-placement!:  // prevents the generation of the doc at this position, so it can be printed afterwards
:sourcedir: ../src/main/java
:icons: font
:sectnums:    // Nummerierung der Überschriften / section numbering
:toc: left

// print the toc here (not at the default position)
//toc::[]

== Pflichtenheft "Was mache ich"


=== Initial situation

The HTL Leonding is an HTL in Upper Austria. Central room with around 1400 students and the specialist departments
Media technology, IT, electronics and medical technology.In the scope of the IT departments
and media technology, the subject of databases (DBI / INSY) is taught.
An essential part of this course is the practical training in the database query language SQL.


=== Present situation

At the HTL Leonding an Oracle database is available to the students in order to be able to work with a database.
The teacher provides exercises for the students to perform.
There are already various exercise tools that can be found on the Internet.
However, these are mostly static and you can only learn the existing exercises.
In addition, the overview of the level of knowledge is not very clear. Also, you often have to pay for these tools to
use them.

=== Problemstellung
=== Aufgabenstellung
==== Funktionale Anforderungen

[plantuml]
----
@startuml
left to right direction
actor Student as s
actor Teacher as t

package LeoDatabaseLearner {
  usecase "practice SQL" as UC1
  usecase "take simulated exam" as UC2
  usecase "view knowledge level" as UC3
  usecase "execute exam" as UC4
  usecase "take exam" as UC5
  usecase "upload exercises/tests" as UC6
  usecase "view knowledge of students" as UC7
}
s --> UC1
s --> UC2
s --> UC3
s --> UC5

t --> UC4
t --> UC6
t --> UC7
@enduml
----

==== Nichtfunktionale Anforderungen (NFA)
=== Ziele
=== Mengengerüst
=== Rahmenbedingungen
zB Vorgaben vom Auftraggeber

== Entwurf "Wie mache ich es"
=== Systemarchitektur
=== ...

== Projekthandbuch "Organisatorische Rahmenbedingungen"

=== GANTT-Diagramm

mit User-Stories (definiert in YouTrack)

[plantuml,gantt-protoype,png]
----
@startuml
[Test prototype] lasts 10 days
[Prototype completed] happens at [Test prototype]'s end
[Setup assembly line] lasts 12 days
[Setup assembly line] starts at [Test prototype]'s end
[Test prototype 2] lasts 3 days
[Test prototype 2] starts at [Prototype completed]'s end
@enduml
----
